hey there youtubers rad awesome back
here for another episode of juries
Easter eggs um episode what are we on
three now yes three and we I'm looking
at all the Illuminati code and that I
have found so far in the reefs or other
people have found i'm not saying hey I
was the first one to find this now and a
lot of people found it i'm just posting
it on youtube in one clip so here we go
so the first one is in one of the
tunnels you start out in wayne to being
a darice and if get there in one second
I'm trying to locate it so the
Illuminati code is there was a coding
sheet released by treyarch for people to
decipher what these codes really meant I
posted them at the end of the video so
you can try it out yourself and try and
decipher the codes I just haven't tried
yet to be honest with you so I'll
probably get into that soon enough so
here's the first bit of Illuminati code
and i'll give you a nice close-up view
in a second look at that there it is
there's the first my code as also words
in english right next to the Illuminati
so it could be mean many different
things so that's the first one there's
also another one that's kind of
Illuminati it's again in the hanging
man's room with it looks like hell what
it could also be different things so the
next one's in the wall by the juggernaut
in that area you can't get in and it's
just right there so that about does it
for Lu minority I just found something
really i thought it would be fun to
mention at the end of this video since
it really hasn't fallen to any
categories of what i was trying to do so
you'll notice in a second what I do is I
go over to
the right come on Reed there we go no
Ariel and what caught my interest was
the m's now you're saying well that
could just be me a steak you know and
that kind of looks funny there but you
know like that could have you know be
anything you just would one thing but
you look over here here it is get
there's another em now in the same weird
looking thing again and there's another
run so the MS could be anything but my
opinion is it could mean Maxis but it
could also mean other any other m I
don't know but it seems to me it's Dr
Maxis and the little simple seem to be a
dog and here's Illuminati code that you
can decipher if you want the image or
JPEG you can send me a message so thanks
for watching please subscribe bye